NOTE: This is just a sample! As a system administrator please adapt these Terms and Conditions to your requirements.

BEXIS 2 Terms and Conditions

Last update: 24.05.2016

These Terms of Use, along with our Privacy Policy govern your use of the application offered by BEXIS 2.

Please review these Terms carefully before using BEXIS 2 because they affect your rights. By using BEXIS 2, you accept these Terms and agree to be legally bound by them.

Changes
These Terms are effective as of the Effective Date above. If you have not reviewed the Terms of Use applicable to a Service since the Effective Date, please review these updated Terms carefully before using any Service.

Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy describes our practices concerning data that you provide or that we may collect about you through the Services, and you consent to our use of data in compliance with the Privacy Policy.

Registration and Access Controls
If we request registration information from you to set up a user account, you must provide us with accurate and complete information and must update the information when it changes.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your user account login names and passwords. You accept responsibility for all activities and damages that occur under your account, including use of your account by other members of your household, and unauthorized use of your account. If you have reason to believe that someone is using your account without your permission, you should contact the administrator immediately. We are not responsible for any loss or damage resulting.

User Submissions
BEXIS 2 respect your ownership of your data. You can give grant, read, write, delete or update permission to other users or groups. Please note that if you or any other user delete your data:

In the case of delete dataset, data may still exist in the backup, which is not publicly available.

In the case of purge, data could not restore anyway.

Except as provided in the Privacy Policy, we do not guarantee that your data will be private, even if the Upload Data is in a password-protected area.